src/cases/social-media-tools.md, before:

---
layout: cases.njk
title: Glauco Cardoso - Social Media Tools for Inbound Marketing
---

# Social media solutions for Inbound Marketing
As a product designer for a B2B Inbound Marketing Platform Startup, I was tasked with revamping the social media marketing tools for SMB Digital Marketers. The company's all-in-one inbound marketing platform had social media features, but adoption and retention rates were low, with users struggling to extract value from the tools provided. The company's target customer was not knowledgeable about digital marketing, and investing in high touch customer support was not sustainable in the long run.

To address this problem, we needed to design a solution that made it easy for users to achieve success with their social media marketing efforts. We conducted research and found that users were concerned about their content's appearance on social media cards and needed help planning and maintaining a content feed. Our aim was to create a product that nudged users in the right direction to execute social media marketing tactics that engaged their audience and generated traffic for high conversion landing pages.

Together with the Product Manager, we identified a set of problems, prioritized them, and created four product options: a Social Media Post Editor, a Social Media Calendar, Lead Generation Analytics, and a Facebook Ads Editor. Our main challenge was to reconcile the company's performance-oriented inbound marketing playbook, where lead generation was the primary goal, with the social media marketing capabilities of the product.

To address this challenge, we conducted extensive research to understand the problem domain, product usability, the user journey, and user needs and motivations. We designed prototypes to explore the solution space and clarify implementation details. Our design process involved constant iteration and testing, which helped us refine the product and ensure it met the users' needs.

The social media tools we created were successful in improving adoption and retention rates while providing unique value for users. The integration with Facebook Lead Ads campaigns was an immediate success, and the Facebook Ads Editor streamlined the campaign building capabilities, making it easier for customers to start publishing Facebook ads. Our product made it easy for users to plan, create, and publish social media content that engaged their audience and generated leads for their business.

In conclusion, our solution to the social media marketing tools problem was a success, thanks to our user-centric design approach, constant iteration, and testing. The product provided unique value to users, and the company's inbound marketing playbook was reconciled with the social media marketing capabilities of the product.

Commit message:

Adjust content and add auto dark mode css feature

src/cases/social-media-tools.md, after:

---
layout: articles.njk
title: Glauco Cardoso - Social Media Tools for Inbound Marketing
---

# Social media solutions for Inbound Marketing
I had the privilege of working as a product designer for a groundbreaking B2B Inbound Marketing Platform Startup. Our mission was to revolutionize the digital marketing landscape for small and medium businesses in Brazil. Through our all-in-one SaaS solution, encompassing email marketing, landing page creation, social media tooling, and marketing automation, and high touch customer success management we aimed to empower marketers with the tools they needed to thrive.

After careful analysis, product management noticed that certain aspects of our social media marketing tools were not gaining the anticipated traction. Adoption and retention rates fell short of our expectations, indicating that users were not fully capitalizing on the value our platform had to offer. As an MVP developed by a small team, some features lacked the desired level of product quality. Recognizing this gap, our team's mission became to enhance the usability and effectiveness of these tools, ensuring that our users could maximize their digital marketing outcome.

To address this challenge our team conducted extensive research to gain a deep understanding of user behavior, motivations, and pain points. We uncovered valuable insights that informed our approach. Users expressed a needed a streamlined and intuitive social media post creation process, along with a comprehensive content planning and scheduling system. Additionally, they sought actionable analytics to measure the impact of their social media marketing efforts on lead generation.

To address this challenge, we conducted extensive research to understand the problem domain, product usability, the user journey, and user needs and motivations. We designed prototypes to explore the solution space and clarify implementation details. Our design process involved constant iteration and testing, which helped us refine the product and ensure it met the users' needs.

Armed with these insights, we set out to design and develop a range of innovative solutions. First, we introduced the Social Media Post Editor, a powerful tool that allowed users to create captivating and visually appealing posts across various social media platforms effortlessly. This feature empowered marketers to leave a lasting impression on their audience.

Next, we focused on the Social Media Calendar, a game-changing addition to our platform. This intuitive tool enabled users to plan and schedule their social media content strategically. It eliminated the challenges associated with ad-hoc posting and provided marketers with a clear roadmap for maintaining a consistent online presence.

We also recognized the importance of providing users with comprehensive lead generation analytics. To that end, we developed the Lead Generation Analytics feature, which offered insightful metrics and data to track the success of social media marketing efforts in generating leads. This information allowed marketers to refine their strategies and allocate resources effectively.

Last but not least, we introduced the Facebook Ads Editor, a tool designed to simplify the creation and publishing process of Facebook ads. With this feature, SMB digital marketers could effortlessly reach their target audience and optimize their ad campaigns for maximum impact.

Throughout this transformative journey, we embraced a culture of autonomy and experimentation. We sought to continuously improve our processes and methodologies. Through iterative approaches such as SCRUM and Kanban, we honed our workflows, prioritized user-centric decision-making, and fostered a culture of constant learning.

The impact of our efforts was remarkable. Users responded enthusiastically to the revamped social media tools, resulting in significantly improved adoption and retention rates. The integration with Facebook Lead Ads campaigns proved particularly successful, enabling users to generate high-quality leads. Moreover, the Facebook Ads Editor streamlined the campaign creation process, empowering marketers to optimize their ad targeting and drive conversions.

In conclusion, our commitment to user-centric design, extensive research, and iterative development propelled us to success. By providing SMB digital marketers with intuitive and powerful social media marketing tools, we transformed their ability to engage their audience and generate valuable leads. We remain dedicated to empowering businesses and enabling them to navigate the ever-evolving digital marketing landscape with confidence.
