src/index.md, before:

---
layout: layout.njk
title: Glauco Cardoso
---

# Hi! I'm Glauco
This is my website. Here you can find a few case studies and some of my thoughts on Digital Product Design.

I am available for freelancing or the right full time remote position. Check out a small review of my previous work experience and reach out!

## How I approach the Product Design Process
I think of product design as the process of making choices to solve a product problem.

Firstly, the designer decomposes the product problem into functional problems and conducts analysis to understand how these problems interact and which solution options might be appropriate for them, moving from the whole to the parts.

From a set of chosen solutions, new product options emerge. There can be numerous product options as there are different sets of solutions.

Lastly, the designer selects the product option that best fits the business purpose, making an educated bet on how the product will interact with the marketplace.

Thus, the product design effort involves decomposing a product problem in functional problems, understanding how these problems can be solved, increasing optionality, and selecting the best option for a successful product in the marketplace.

I sounds like a lot, and it is. But the designer does not need to tackle it all at once. They need to be present and make a judgment call on how and where to channel their energy.

Commit message:

Styling and content
Further advance styling and includes case stories section on index

src/index.md, after:

---
layout: layout.njk
title: Glauco Cardoso
---

# Hi! I'm Glauco
This is my website. Here you can find a few case studies and some of my thoughts on Digital Product Design.

I am available for freelancing or the right full time remote position. Check out a small review of my previous work experience and reach out!

## Case Stories
Personal tales and Insights on navigating the dynamics of professional design in Scale-up Companies and Digital Transformation consultancies.

## How I approach the Product Design Process
I think of product design as the process of making choices to solve a product problem.

Firstly, the designer decomposes the product problem into functional problems and conducts analysis to understand how these problems interact and which solution options might be appropriate for them, moving from the whole to the parts.

From a set of chosen solutions, new product options emerge. There can be numerous product options as there are different sets of solutions.

Lastly, the designer selects the product option that best fits the business purpose, making an educated bet on how the product will interact with the marketplace.

Thus, the product design effort involves decomposing a product problem in functional problems, understanding how these problems can be solved, increasing optionality, and selecting the best option for a successful product in the marketplace.

I sounds like a lot, and it is. But the designer does not need to tackle it all at once. They need to be present and make a judgment call on how and where to channel their energy.
